you
hey you folks waiting here welcome to
another episode of oh let's play
railway Empire we are in this episode
you're gonna try to achieve one of our
next goals over here which is to
establish a direct connection between
Portland and San Diego we have San Diago
connected well it's a direct connection
which means you need to be able to drive
directly from one to the other I don't
know if we actually need or route to be
doing it although we might do it so I
know I'm going to use the second track
here in Redding to connect up oh well
first we're going to build a station up
in Portland over here and I'm just gonna
go with the medium one here to start off
with and it might be a little tricky to
fit everything I'm gonna have some pre
aggressive bridging if we do this but I
don't know what other choice we might
have so I'm gonna do that I'm hoping
that River I'm gonna cause any problems
so I'm gonna start from the track number
one here and we're gonna go down to
Redding that's not my station this one
here and we're gonna plan on that and so
it's now 2.6 but this is going to
involve a lot of tonnage and or serious
inclines undo this it's still gonna be a
tunnel but maybe not quite as aggressive
actually if we can avoid these mountains
here well try to come up with something
that feels kind of sensible this would
involve cutting through mountains as
opposed to tunneling and then a giant
bridge of doom not to be confused with a
burger dune let's put a little pin in
there it'd still have to bridge again to
go over this a couple of small tunnels
unless I want to route through here
which might be a good way
now this is again giant bridge still
with a 7% incline
I think we can probably assume that
putting a pin in there is gonna be
relatively safe so we're now down to 1.2
million this incline here is a little
bit brutal but if I get rid of that 1.2
and we're tunneling under there to end
up with a reduced incline to their in
theory we had some 12 here with a bridge
still about 1.2 that might actually be
better and then we pull into Portland
that way no incline here on the other
hand we do need to put in some extra
bridge works I might be ok with this
though because I mean we're not really
changing the cost of anything over here
so I think we're gonna accept the one to
1.2 million dollar cost to go from
Portland to Redding so I'm going to buy
that we probably will want to start some
trains here in a second but before I do
in writing over here now run some
crack like that and like that pan build
so now it's possible to use either one
of these platforms before going in here
we'll need some signals to guard this
little scrooched together area
and you're gonna go actually both of
them have to be in this direction like
that
and from here going it directly into the
tunnel is kind of sucky but I'm not sure
that we have we're gonna try to see if
we can build a siding before this but I
don't think we can because there's a
limited amount ability to build here can
we build like is this long enough er
train and can I merge you inside of a
tunnel no I can't
oops I didn't actually mean to build
that I meant cancel well that's okay
what's what's a little money wasted huh
so I can start building a switch here
short short short little switch check us
I need to build it too they're actually
by that and then start the switching
from the other side come on
okay but yeah I don't know if that's
enough actually and I suspect very
strongly that it's not crap yeah I mean
I may as well leave this in here because
I've I've spent it already but it's not
enough unless I wanted a double line
through the entire underground which
maybe I think I'm gonna have to if I'm
gonna get a reasonable amount of trains
come through here so again I just spent
a bunch of extra money here that would
be ideal to have not done so hey what
can you do right oh that's not even that
expensive and parallel tracks are really
okay I am under estimating the insane
discount from parallel tracks oh my god
I should just parallel track the entire
time all the time I'm not sure if it was
this cheap in my previous build there's
no reason not to just have it double
tracked basically the entire way oh I
I'm I'm causing problems for myself well
I'm happy I'm realizing that now at
least for the next game it's gonna be
way better if if I done note it and I
done noted yeah I didn't realize the
parallel track discount was like applied
to everything like this
holy cow yeah I'm just gonna double
track everything forever from now on so
we're just gonna get some supply
stations every now and again because we
will need it and be it also subdivides i
mean we can subdivide the signals which
are free but we also need the list
applied station so we can't actually fit
one there get one there and there and
did we put over here no so I'm gonna put
one kind of there enough for a train
length over there that's gonna be okay
all right
trains Portland to to reading first of
all like that will have you be an
Express and use that one
that sounds good to me and then we're
gonna have another train which I'll just
have run the other way and you are going
to be a freight just to mix it up and
you can use the Atlantic over here
because it has very good traction power
keep it up and you will leave me with no
other choice than to take over your
company okay yeah you're buying some
more shares I don't appreciate that I
don't know there's something I'm gonna
do to buy back my shares now this did
not count as direct connection but I
believe it might not be possible to go
from Portland to San Diego because there
might not be possible you were reading
the San Francisco but you can't go
reading down to the south
so we need an option for that and I
think what I can do is right over here
we can have a switch
- here in some aspect maybe maybe
it's because we've got so many bridges
and tunnels and things over here it's
not really
I should go the other way the week we
will go and grab from this side
oh there we go
a little bit of a harsh incline but it's
a relatively short segment and so it's
important that you only go that way if
it's clear and only go the other way if
it's clear same applies over here for
this little protective bit so here
there's gonna be some waiting to get
onto that before you get on to the dual
lane set up over here but in theory can
you drive through Los Angeles to San
Diego yes you actually can so okay well
let's let's do a test we want to set up
a rail line from San Diego yep
to Portland we'll have you be Express
we'll set you up and actually we'll make
sure to set up a dining car and a mail
car and buy that and I don't think we
need to do the freight because there
shouldn't be any real freight needs to
go from San Diego to Portland
you know have that many direct needs to
be honest and you're just waiting for
that to be clear so yeah double Lanie
more the stuff may prove to be slightly
more important safety standards trains
now with brakes brakes on trains that's
crazy talk what do we need that for you
should start moving here in a second or
not because of the waiting yeah I need
more uh more double leaning can I this
thing here that was a siding I don't
know if I can get it like just turn into
a double lane very easily looks like the
answer is sort of kind of no but I can
go ahead and build a second siding over
here yeah so from now on I will just
like double lane more I had no idea how
cheap it was and it's kind of way I
designed my tracks here it's gonna make
it a little difficult to just convert
from one to the other oh there you go if
I do this we can get a little closer fit
a few more things in this is still an
overly busy station although I can split
it up and this is too long of a thing
what I need to do is get a switch here
thank you and
[Music]
oh you broke down there yeah it'd be
nice to get more here but I built this
too tight yeah that's what I get for not
double leaning all the way I suppose I
can just delete some of these and
rebuild them actually that probably is a
very good idea let me blow you up here
yeah that's fine because right I got the
I got the other things and whatnot so
we're gonna continue from here and not
you just crash you then grab give it a
little space
for future merging or something get you
over here purchase signals let's make
sure we got the right direction
uh-huh listen I'm pretty zoomed out so I
can't really tell but I have a feeling
I'm doing this the wrong way and I was
there we go a couple more just subdivide
that there we go that should enable our
trains to move a fair bit faster and
without blocking each other they're
still sharing one one platform here
which is an ideal and they could
actually improve that which I think I
will if I just do kind of one of those
and then say by the way you make sure
that you can actually enter this bit
life it can be too short but it's okay
because the station does it kind of
intelligently over there all right
that's gonna be fine so the trains that
are going just San Diego to LA I'm gonna
ask you in LA could you just use there
we go the other stop there we go there I
think there's more than one but at least
we're sharing the load a little bit
that's gonna be okay
meat industry in Kingman um I actually
will put a bid on that because there's a
a meat source nearby I break down so we
should be able to supply that um I put
in one more order and that's it I'm
gonna compete anymore after this you all
shoot I done goofed
I did dun goofed oh you're being
serviced
after you get serviced you're gonna move
glad you didn't have to work with you
anymore
oh yeah you see this and actually one
thing that would help here is another
one of those and yeah I think I have to
redesign that's it Levine
miss Darren technology and then you
where's the way I'm gonna get you
changed up so you actually in Sacramento
use track one as well and then you're
still waiting for the Sacramento to hmm
Sacramento to San Francisco
are you the sentence oh I think are
usually as jamming each other I think
they're jamming each other here let's
see yeah uh the oh these signals might
be slightly too close together object in
use that is true but if I put another
signal say here which technically is a
one-way but it doesn't actually matter
here there we go there we go okay yeah
this train was too long it was well it
was stopped here was blocking the next
thing over now this being stopped here
isn't necessarily ideal but it's gonna
be okay
there we go whoo do not put your signals
too close together if your trains
overhang one to the other bad things
happen crack and oh you're going the
long way okay
I think these two are waiting for each
other
or you might just be waiting for this
guy that's what you're doing yes no
you're waiting for the sacramental
reading yeah yes you're gonna be fine in
a second as soon as that moves off far
enough past that I thought the signal
would help fix that but I guess not
Sacramento is just too busy we kind of
need to make a bypass so that the the
Sacramento or the the San Francisco
Redding train doesn't go through
Sacramento
all right research wise I want to get
the ventilated cars so that our
vegetable and fruit are more effective
direct connection between Portland San
Diego how is this not how am I not
getting credit for maybe it's gonna make
a round trip that's entirely possible
Sampson score you still growing no
you're still complaining about lack of
beef how do you not have beef are we not
doing right here man you spending all
your time waiting
not all your time waiting just some bit
okay downturn in bode um it's cheap no
auction this is a burrito so we just
have to get grain over here have you got
any idea what it is you've just bought I
think we can make it work we'll see how
it goes all right you got cattle meat
you're waiting on logs and grain which
is part of what we're trying to do from
way up here is there a better way to get
logs and grain to San Francisco
you got a connection bonus for this well
alright then let us do that because
these guys want corn
so let's just see if I can get you
connected without screwing up on my
routing and I think the answer is yes so
let's trash that let's buy a new station
to steep oh the terrain here is that
steep wow that's going to be rough Wow
alright well let's see here
and yet you're gonna be coming in I meet
you actually start from the other side I
think that might be best just to confirm
that we've got the right angle
hmm
okay delete
Oh can I not oak is so short
hmm yeah it's actually to sort short to
build a switch okay I see um but over
here we can so let's just run it from
way over here be a little longer route
but that's fine there we go
it's gonna be a big incline no matter
what I think we probably will avoid the
bridge though there we can save some
money doing this there's still gonna be
some bridging and whatnot but I think
we'll have to deal with it all right
we'll do that
there's our bonus so well worth doing it
new train we're gonna get a rail line
from Scott Manor down to San Diego at
Scott Manor we will insist that you fill
yourself up completely and we're gonna
go and get a nice high traction power
train sure we'll get you down over there
that's fine we don't need a conductor
for this so you can get started we do
need to put in I'm gonna put in a supply
Tower right there and right there
I should have done that slightly
differently but oh well
just cuz they might stop for supply
leaving and then sort of block the route
a little bit more than we'd like but
that's okay so you are gonna deliver
grain Central Pacific making all the
records and you got a carload full of
grains yes you do
excellent and so far you've been losing
money but that's just because this is
your first trip you haven't made a
profit yet and that's alright no
suitable freight wait a hold on what Oh
you're reading to Portland route which
is set the freight only you know what
then um I'm going to just delete you you
get some credit back that's nice so they
didn't really have any freight benefits
and you know what will that's fine we'll
keep the routes a little bit simpler I'm
okay with that we've got a lot of tech
available christop speedier trains on
bends by 20% is nice the mail revenue is
nice reduces consumption of things
reliability by 30 percent you know what
let's do that I like I like having my
trains not break down so we have tons of
money who couldn't we maybe hire here
another conductor you know we'll just
hold off for now we've got we've got a
spare conductor as is San Francisco is
still a person or the thing having a
hard time growing now we are getting
fruit and veg Tim which is good
and my mission was what weighs 50 tons
it has no wheels Portland and San Diego
no I'm not getting credit for it is it
too long
Oh am i over the limit I told me that
you lost your trousers today oh my is
that actually the problem it might be
that I'm over the limit it doesn't
consider to be this direct enough where
can I shave some things off first of all
out of curiosity out of curiosity if I
were to do this and literally just like
say okay you want a direct route I'll
show you a direct route 772 miles what's
our goal 779 holy cow
now this is still gonna involve some
routing around in weird ways and I guess
I could just put a bunch of little
markers in here to prevent bridging and
whatnot 778 like bridges and tunnels is
what I mean
774 yeah just go straight over the
mountain yeah we'll just go for like
completing the mission and nothing else
778 at 4.2 million a direct route from
San Diego to Portland oh there must
still be an illegal spot
I'm just tempted to hit the button for
the purpose of completing oh yeah right
over here oh you actually need to be on
the other side there we go
772 do you see anything else red I think
that we must have an illegal bit no red
no red this is an insane route oh right
here right here there you go
Express train sir that was the task I
see I mean I probably could have just
done something else but that's and you
know what I'm actually gonna set up the
rail line for it obviously we're gonna
need we're gonna need a locomotive who
isn't afraid of some pretty crazy ink
lines but I feel like we built it so we
may as well use it so we're gonna go
with the Atlantic over here done and we
may as well give it this conductor sure
and it is gonna need some some supply
along the way oh my gosh hey if it's
stupid and it works it's not stupid okay
well it's still pretty stupid here
it's like lengthwise through the Rockies
this is fine this this is totally okay
I'm sure there was a better way to do
this but I'm kind of entertained by this
and therefore I'm really really really
happy that I did this uh given to you
and you know what I'll put one more in
there that's gonna be fine
excellent San Diego has a maintenance
area I'll probably have to put one in
Portland as well just because that is a
long trip both ways BAM
surveyor I think you've already got a
surveyor don't we yeah we do so I don't
need that I need other office personnel
thank you very much
saboteur yeah okay we need to grow San
Francisco we solved three years to do
that though we are connecting more
people and as the cities grow that's
gonna continue to be true Express
connection between San Francisco and
Salt Lake City
so Salt Lake City's gonna be somewhere
over here in the desert II bits
where's Utah where's the Salt Lake right
there the Great Salt Lake we actually
might want to do like a full-on just
pure Express just spend the money and do
it here cuz why not all right I already
have the survey office and that's the
saboteur although you know what let's go
ahead and sabotage beatrix one of her
train stations somewhere there we go
because she's running away with the game
and we have to buy some first stock
no suitable Freight believable rascal
more no suitable straight running in San
Francisco I'm actually surprised so that
implies over here that there is no logs
no beer but it is me ask me because it's
a money losing proposition so tell you
what writing in San Francisco because
this is how you're supposed to be
supposed to be getting our our logs I'm
going to change you to be manual in
reading you are gonna grab beer oh you
can't grab locks
really
I guess cuz it's not an offered good ok
well still in reading try to pick up
actually
try to pick up beer oh yeah at least I
don't know how that's that means but
there we go try to do that must be a way
for me to split it but that's we'll just
leave it be so we might need a train
that's actually going directly from Hall
Forest to San Francisco which we could
do this train here actually instead of
going to Redding just go to San
Francisco done and hopefully you can
actually do that so these X's mean they
don't have loads this one here or you
want for fire oh it's an express train
okay that's cool that's okay
as long as you're not on fire I'm good
with that um deuces maintenance
requirements what's this one here more
ticket price for passengers yeah you
know what let's do it
I've got a spy available which I believe
can steal a tech steel technology that
has already been researched by a
competitor of your choice here we'll
just steal from Beatrix presumably she's
got at least something I don't have I
don't know though but I'm hoping okay I
mean we're still making great money
let's take a look at our company info
here in terms of valuation wait
obviously you don't know what else to do
I think she may have gone like severely
bankrupt over here we just buy her out
a large number of citizens travel on
your tracks all right
the trains removed 21 local owners were
sold we actually made money by buying
her outing her and every pie soon
excellent that completed presumably
owning 20% of her shares it does what
about Jonathan Johnson or whatever wait
hold on now I have negative nine hundred
and eighty ninety three million dollars
whoops
[Laughter]
hang on whoops
um we have a lot of tracks and stations
that is true um where was she
no she wasn't down here oh she was um
she was these yeah yeah so these are all
connected to me now
excellent and actually that means we do
have a connection to Salt Lake City so
let's take an existing train perhaps a
San Diego to Portland I don't even know
if you make money I'm going to reroute
you instead and I'm gonna tell you that
instead you're gonna be an Express I
think we're gonna be ending this game in
a second here but from sandy and
Francisco oh no we're not actually
connected tear stuff um you know what
I'm just going to delete this train and
get a little bit of money back because
you know that'll help us with the hole
that we're in oh I will remind you guys
this is a pre-release build of the game
um so I I shouldn't have just bought the
business is what I should have done
though that actually like maybe there's
maybe there's a bug I don't know but I
could he shouldn't have bought the
business but I should have just done is
because her stock wasn't worth anything
is I should have bought just bought 20%
of the business and then called it good
enough to complete the goal but I'm like
oh we'll just pick up on assets for free
yeah it turns out you also pick up all
their debt which is exactly how the game
how it works when you buy a business you
get all their assets as well as all
their debt I don't know if there's a our
game over condition you you're wired
stocks in a competitor will now also
make a gain when they make a profit I
completed your task someone who could be
certain that the reporter will write
something nice about you I think I think
we might be a little bit stuck here I
don't think I can take out a loan big
enough to get us out of this hole so I
think we might just be done on this one
I really apologize I I thought it was
gonna be a easy way to pick up a really
cheap company I didn't
would be picking up 600 and changed
million dollars in debt now it actually
looks like we are turning a pretty good
profit but I don't know if this is going
to be enough of a profit to get us out
of the biggest hole that's ever happened
and we can't influence the population
growth in San Francisco so when we're
sort of time sensitive there we got some
tech but we're not purchasing new
locomotives but you know we can get
higher ticket prices this will totally
get us out of our hole alright I think
I'm gonna wrap this up we got three
parts out of this we got like two hours
of footage out of this run until I
bought I made the worst business
decision you could ever make I I think
the the fact that the AI got in that
hole might be slightly indicative of a
problem but me buying this business and
getting all the debt is just a problem
in my own personal AI I'm like no it's
good it's fine I have played some games
weren't when you buy out businesses you
don't get their debt but those games
that's an abuse that's a cheat what is
this I've never seen an iron pit before
I've never played in an area where I
think that was prevalent what did I I
don't think so that's very exciting I
don't get to play with that but I ain't
gonna be this game since we're we're
effectively bankrupt thanks for watching
though and there will be more railway
empire in the future see you next time
folks bye-bye
you